Today they show beautiful good day one
unboxing video from the law at hanna three
the new waterproof outdoor phone
of jurassic and we started right at that
her far comes in a chic white
box with Chinese inscriptions end
what is supposed to be there from it
China is coming so in the box
the phone itself with the bag lid
then a pity and various lawyer around the
but I really do not think so
human beings more does he ever need
had android mobile phone in hand
here is a usb cable
at the same time charging cable
charger again Chinese supplement
screen protection is not there and
The battery was empty again before
I've already welded it
unpacked
that's a 2200 30 milliampere battery
Charger is here in a US plug
version
but I assume that in the
Normally the euro import with a
will be stronger Europe is probably
In any case, 120 to 240
and is connected with the usb cable
logically good
that was part of the pack I get
I do not want to do a review that is coming
later in another video
I like it here on the short time
Main differences can be seen already
And indeed the device is waterproof and
here has a rubber seal around it
I achieve that with the normal ones
appliances have never been seen before
not waterproof then logically
as another we see here above
Infrared port so not port
output with which he with this device where
90 percent of all other usual devices
can remote control and so speaks tv-device
air conditioners and so on and so forth
everything is served with infrared
Well
the sim card I show that too
is a micro sim
I'll put you in here right now
which is inserted so here and the battery
Well that was it for the first unboxing one
detailed review would come later
look at my other videos
I'll go into detail on that
gets ready for now and many
thanks for watching